Run a NEW, FROM-SCRATCH Yoimiya end-to-end workflow using Deepseek-V4.1-Flash. Read the updated local .codebuddy/skills/pixel-art-to-3mf/SKILL.md and Stage 1 reference; the host template is now concise Chinese with explicit close-up framing, a 64 x 64 canvas, and clear margins. Do not use an old run, old image, old mask, or start with direct conversion.

Initialize --route generate --character-name Yoimiya-E2E-CN2 --no-bundled-style, using --character-request-file workbuddy/cases/yoimiya-character-request.txt and --request-file with that same file. Register --research-status completed and --research-path workbuddy/cases/yoimiya-research.md, with the official source URLs in that brief. The renderer extracts only the approved identity block into the image prompt.

Call render-prompt --json and send its prompt VERBATIM to native ImageGen, with no image references, revise=false, 1024x1024, opaque background, and its output_dir. Up to THREE fresh images within this new run are authorized, stopping as soon as one passes. Import the actual output with import-candidate; the importer retains the original and normalizes eligible near-white background. Record the actual image model if available (the verified text-only service is hunyuan-image-alpha), never label the image model DeepSeek.

If objective and visual checks pass, decide accepted, then convert according to the Skill. Compare the final pixel preview with THIS newly generated source: complete hair, shoulders and outline; clean true background holes; preserved eye whites and clothing; continuous bottom baseline. Do not accept a broken result just because manifest.status is success. Deliver both 08_*.3mf files, the pixel preview, both Lumina previews and manifest.json. If a candidate is rejected, retry only with the pinned template and no rejected image references, within the three-image cap. The source-acceptance rules explicitly permit rectangular detected grids (for example 63 x 64); do not invent an exact-square gate or a unique-color-count gate. Record recoverable antialiasing/color noise and let Pixel Fine evaluate it. Background normalization now allows minimum channel 240 with spread <=8, while requiring the entire border to qualify. Do not edit code, prompts or memories, and do not perform extended calibration. This new live generation and full conversion are already approved; execute directly.
